Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled peppers.
A silly snake slithered silently through the sand.
Big black bears bake brown bread.
Five funny frogs flew far away.
Can you can a can as a canner can can a can?
Sally sells seashells by the seashore.
Two tiny tigers took two tickets to Townsville.
Greedy goats gobbled green grass in the garden.
Dan's dog dug deep down in the dirt.
Molly made many marshmallows for May.
A fat cat sat on a mat and patted a rat.
The red hen rested in her nest with ten eggs.
Six sick chicks stick to bricks.
A slow goat in a coat rode a boat on the moat.
The cool duck in the truck got stuck in the mud.
Fly high in the sky and say goodbye.
A white mice ice cream twice a day.
Cute mules use blue boots in the zoo.
The bright light shines at night.
Sweet bees sleep near green trees.
Look at the red ship and the blue sheep.
The rubber duck ran along the right road.
Lucy loves lemon lollipop rolls.
Think thirty thoughts on Thursday.
This brother and that mother are together.
A very fast van with a full tank of gas.
Pass the glass on the green grass.
No pain, no gain, rain comes again.
Four pork forks on a short board.
He thought he bought a hot pot.
Betty Botter bought a bit of butter.
Which witch switched the Swiss wristwatches?
Fresh fried fish, fish fresh fried.
Nine nice nightingales sang nine night songs.
Six slimy snails slid slowly down the slide.
Clean clams crammed in clean cans.
Four fine fresh fish for you.
He threw three free throws.
Denise sees the sun, Louise sees the stars.
Tiny Tim tipped two tall tables.
A big bug bit a bold black bear.
Ten tall trees stood in the green park.
The brown owl found a mouse in the house.
A fat rat ran after a black hat.
A bright star shines near and far.
The neat cat has four neat feet.
A thick brick fell on the quick chick.
Cold snow blows when the North wind blows.
He played in the rain with a toy train.
A cute blue cube in a huge room.
She has three thin threads and thirty needles.
The quiet queen questioned the quick knight.
Very vivid violets vanish in the valley.
We will watch the wild whales in the west.
The cheap chip fell off the chief's ship.
Red leather, yellow leather, red leather, yellow leather.
He had a hard time in the hot hut.
Give the grey goose a glass of green grape juice.
Walk the dog on the long log.
Pop the top of the hot pot.
She sells sea shells on the sea shore.
Bake big brown biscuits for the busy bear.
I saw Susie sitting in a shoe shine shop.
Fuzzy Wuzzy was a bear, Fuzzy Wuzzy had no hair.
How much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood?
Six sticky skeletons sat on six slick stones.
A proper copper coffee pot.
Eleven benevolent elephants.
Fred fed Ted bread and Ted fed Fred bread.
Silly Sally swiftly shooed seven silly sheep.
A dog in a fog saw a frog on a log.
The snake ate a cake by the lake.
A cute white goat in a blue winter coat.
Ten men slept in ten red tents.
The duck in the truck brought good luck.
A brown mouse ran around the house.
Sing a sweet song all day long.
Look at the book near the cool blue pool.
Bright white kites fly high in the light.
A black cat sat in a big black hat.
Three thin thieves thought three thousand thoughts.
Which wrist watches are Swiss wrist watches?
Vincent vowed to voice his various views.
Where is the white whale in the wide ocean?
Larry sent the royal letter to the lawyer.
The chef in the shop cut the cheap cheese.
A fan of a van blew the flour in the pan.
The king will sing a long song tonight.
He hit the big ball with a heavy bat.
The thick thorn stuck in the thin thumb.
A noisy noise annoys an oyster.
Brisk brisk wind blows through the blue branches.
Chester chooses cheap cheese to chew.
Dark ducks dive deep down into the pond.
Eight eager eagles ate early apples.
Four furious friends fought for free fruit.
Good gray geese glide gracefully over green grass.
Harry has a heavy hat on his head.
Itchy insects itch in the ink.
Jack juggling juice jars in June.
Kittens kick small colorful balls in the kitchen.
Little Luke likes licking lemon lollipops.
Many merry monkeys make much music.
New brown mice neat in their nest.
Old orange owls open one big eye.
Pink paper pigs play in the park.
Quick queen quacks to the quiet duck.
Round red roses grow near the river.
Seven silver swans swam silently south.
Two tall trees touch the top of the tower.
Uncle's unique umbrella under the tree.
Vast green vines grow in the valley.
Warm winter winds blow wild and wide.
Yellow yaks yawn in the yard.
Zebras zig and zag in the zoo.
The fat bat ate a black rat.
A sweet peach on a clean beach.
Light the bright white light tonight.
The cold toad on the road in the snow.
Run in the sun for fun with a bun.